This project funds participation in the 2010 ACM Conference on Embedded
Sensor Systems (SenSys'10), held in November, 2010, in Zurich, Switzerland.
Now in its eight year SenSys presents novel sensor network and embedded
systems research. A highly-selective, single-track venue, SenSys serves as
the leading conference in this area highlighting experiences with real
systems and experimentation with actual sensors, as opposed to simulations.
Maximizing limited resources requires the sensor networking community
interface with work done in related fields, and SenSys maintains a wide scope
in order to incorporate advances from relevant areas. Supporting this
intellectual diversity requires facilitating access for new participants.
Applicants receiving funding from this project will be selected through a
competitive application process and receive monies intended to cover travel
and lodging. Preference will be given to applicants who would not be able to
otherwise participate, as well as ones demonstrating that attending SenSys
would have a significant impact on the trajectory of their research careers,
and consideration will be given to increasing the diversity of SenSys
participation through inclusion of women, minorities, and students from small
or under-represented institutions. The intellectual merit of this project
results from the exposure of selected applicants to the best research in the
sensor networking field. Bringing applicants into the exciting, collaborative
environment that SenSys creates will have a broad and immediate impact on the
development of new and innovative solutions to the hard problems being
addressed by embedded sensor technology.
